Fix typos and pseudo-typos 3 (#36244)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/row_role/index.md

## Description

> The element `role="row"` is a row within a [`grid`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/grid_role), [`table`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/table_role) or [`treegrid`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/treegrid_role), and optionally within a [`rowgroup`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/rowgroup_role), that is a container for one or more [`cell`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/cell_role), [`gridcell`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/gridcell_role), [`columnheader`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/columnheader_role), or [`rowheader`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/rowheader_role) elements within a static tabular structure. Using native [HTML `<tr>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tr) elements, whenever possible, is strongly encouraged.

Reviewer: Since we are touching this...
```suggestion
The element with `role="row"` is a row within a [`grid`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/grid_role), [`table`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/table_role), or [`treegrid`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/treegrid_role), and optionally within a [`rowgroup`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/rowgroup_role) that contains one or more [`cell`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/cell_role), [`gridcell`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/gridcell_role), [`columnheader`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/columnheader_role), or [`rowheader`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/rowheader_role) elements within a static tabular structure. Using native [HTML `<tr>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tr) elements, whenever possible, is strongly encouraged.
```
